# CS210_James_H

This description will primarily pertain to the CornerGrocer application. 
The corner grocer app is designed to take input from a text file that is expected to contain one word in each line. These words are assigned as the key of a map and a value is assigned to the key representing the frequency of that word appearing within the map. This map is then used to perform a search function, a general output of the key and corresponding numerical value, and a histography representation of said frequency values. The program can be exited from the main menu. I did a particularly good job in implementing the map for this program. There is a function that initializes the map and maps the value of frequency efficiently to the corresponding key. This initialization is crucial for the program to function correctly as other functions heavily depend on it being populated. The main difficulty in the design of the program was figuring out a way to map the values efficiently. Having a loop iterating through every line and incrementing the value turned out to be the most effective approach. I came to this conclusion through experimentation and research in to use-cases for the map data type. Furthermore, encapsulating the map allowed it to be called only when needed and prevented any modification to it beyond initialization. 

There are a lot of transferrable skills learned from this project. I look forward to using maps and similar data types in other languages to efficiently deal with two or more values mapped to a key. There are an untold number of use cases where dealing with large data sets, maps will prove exceptionally useful. 

The program is mainly maintainable and readable thanks to its wealth of comments and descriptions as to what individual lines or whole functions do. Furthermore, the program can be used to search for the frequency of any list of words, even for words that are not specifically grocery items. This makes it universally usable as needed.
